Do not use `--kind=explicit` (#288)
conda-incubator/conda-lock: docs/pip.md

If in this case `some_pip_only_library` depends on `requests` that dependency will be met by
conda and the version will be constrained to what the conda solver determines.

> Please note that explicit lock files do not support installing `pip` dependencies.
> The unified lockfile format does (i.e. the `--kind=explicit` flag cannot be used
> with `conda-lock --file=environment.yml`)

Reviewer: To address https://github.com/conda-incubator/conda-lock/issues/285#issuecomment-1326553508, 

```suggestion
We recommend avoiding the `--kind=explicit` flag when there are `pip`
dependencies. Most tools (except for `conda-lock install`) do not recognize
`pip` dependencies from explicit lockfiles, so they may be silently ignored.
The default lockfile format explicitly supports pip dependencies.
```
